docs: Clarifying use of --metrics and epss options (#3663)
intel/cve-bin-tool: doc/MANUAL.md

This option specifies the minimum EPSS probability of CVE range between o to 100 to report. The default value is 0 which result in all CVEs being reported.

### Automatic Metrics Activation

> If either `--epss-percentile` or `--epss-probability` is set, the system will automatically enable the `--metrics` option. This eliminates the need for users to explicitly set `--metrics` when utilizing `--epss-percentile` or `--epss-probability`. This streamlines the process for users, eliminating the need for manual `--metrics` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If either `--epss-percentile` or `--epss-probability` is set, the system will automatically enable the `--metrics` option so that the epss data will be loaded and displayed.
```

Making this shorter and focusing on *why* rather than *what* is being done here.
